Update web-vitals.mdx (#9680)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/product-analytics/web-vitals.mdx

    videoDark="https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/video/upload/v1725633861/posthog.com/contents/dark.mp4"
    alt="Popover icon" 
    classes="rounded"
/>

## Events captured

> The SDK groups available metrics in order to reduce the cost. That means each `$web_vitals` event carries one or more metric result. By default we wait up to 5 seconds in order to try and catch all four metrics in one event. See the section on configuring web vitals capture below for how to change this behaviour.

Author: ```suggestion
The SDK groups available metrics in order to reduce the cost. That means each `$web_vitals` event carries one or more metric result. By default we wait up to 5 seconds in order to try and catch all four metrics in one event. See the section on configuring web vitals capture below for how to change this behaviour.

Metrics are made available when the [web vitals library](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/web-vitals) triggers them. This is different for different metrics.

[FCP](https://web.dev/articles/fcp) and [LCP](https://web.dev/articles/lcp) are relative to a page being rendered and are made available relatively soon after loading a page. [INP](https://web.dev/articles/inp) and [CLS](https://web.dev/articles/cls) are measures across the lifecycle of a page and don't have a fixed time they become available.

```

    videoDark="https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/video/upload/v1725633861/posthog.com/contents/dark.mp4"
    alt="Popover icon" 
    classes="rounded"
/>

## Events captured

> The SDK groups available metrics in order to reduce the cost. That means each `$web_vitals` event carries one or more metric result. By default we wait up to 5 seconds in order to try and catch all four metrics in one event. See the section on configuring web vitals capture below for how to change this behaviour.

Reviewer: Wait up to 5 seconds from what point?  After the last one is triggered / after the page is loaded / both?

Author: Ah, both... yep. 

load the page
start a timer
gather metrics
send metrics

> The SDK groups available metrics in order to reduce the cost. That means each `$web_vitals` event carries one or more metric result. By default we wait up to 5 seconds in order to try and catch all four metrics in one event. See the section on configuring web vitals capture below for how to change this behaviour.

Author: ```suggestion
The SDK groups available metrics in order to reduce the cost. That means each `$web_vitals` event carries one or more metric result. By default we wait up to 5 seconds (since the page load or last set of metrics was sent) in order to try and catch all four metrics in one event. See the section on configuring web vitals capture below for how to change this behaviour.
```

> The SDK groups available metrics in order to reduce the cost. That means each `$web_vitals` event carries one or more metric result. By default we wait up to 5 seconds (since the page load or last set of metrics was sent) in order to try and catch all four metrics in one event. See the section on configuring web vitals capture below for how to change this behaviour.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The SDK attempts to send as many of the available metrics as possible in each `$web_vitals` event. By default, we wait up to 5 seconds since the page load or last `$web_vitals` event to try and catch all four metrics in one event. See the section on [configuring web vitals](#configuring-web-vitals-autocapture) capture to change this behaviour.
```

> Metrics are made available when the [web vitals library](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/web-vitals) triggers them. This is different for different metrics.
> 
> [FCP](https://web.dev/articles/fcp) and [LCP](https://web.dev/articles/lcp) are relative to a page being rendered and are made available relatively soon after loading a page. [INP](https://web.dev/articles/inp) and [CLS](https://web.dev/articles/cls) are measures across the lifecycle of a page and don't have a fixed time they become available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Metrics are made available when the [web vitals library](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/web-vitals) triggers them:

- [FCP](https://web.dev/articles/fcp) and [LCP](https://web.dev/articles/lcp) are relative to a page being rendered and are made available relatively soon after loading a page. 
- [INP](https://web.dev/articles/inp) and [CLS](https://web.dev/articles/cls) are measures across the lifecycle of a page and don't have a fixed time they become available.
```

> We wait until all allowed metrics have been triggered or `web_vitals_delayed_flush_ms` has passed and then send a single `$web_vitals` event with each of the triggered metrics.
> 
> 

Reviewer 2: I think this just repeats information from the first paragraph or in the section below, less confusing without it.
```suggestion
```

## Configuring web vitals autocapture

> You can provide client side config to tune web vitals autocapture. These are set on [the `capture_performance` key of PosthogConfig](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-js/blob/38744a512abef2f4eb7327e7a3c23d184c3993ca/src/types.ts#L209)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can provide a client side config to tune web vitals autocapture. These are set on [the `capture_performance` key](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog-js/blob/main/src/types.ts#L209).
```

> | attribute | description|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Attribute | Description |
```

|-|-|

> |`__web_vitals_max_value`<br/>default: 15 minutes| We observe very large values reported by the Chrome web vitals library. These outliers are likely not real, useful values, and we exclude them. You can set this to 0 in order to include all values |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`__web_vitals_max_value`<br/>default: 15 minutes| When the Chrome web vitals library sends us very large values, we assume they are outliers, not real, and exclude them. You can set this to 0 to include all values |
```

> |`web_vitals_allowed_metrics`<br/>default: ['LCP', 'CLS', 'FCP', 'INP' ]| By default all 4 metrics are captured. You can set this config to restrict which metrics are captured. e.g. ['CLS', 'FCP'] to only capture those two metrics. NB setting this does not override whether the capture is enabled |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`web_vitals_allowed_metrics`<br/>default: ['LCP', 'CLS', 'FCP', 'INP' ]| By default all 4 metrics are captured. You can set this config to restrict which metrics are captured. e.g. ['CLS', 'FCP'] to only capture those two metrics. This does not override whether the capture is enabled |
```

> | config | | default|
> |-|-|
> |__web_vitals_max_value| We observe very large values reported by the Chrome web vitals library. These outliers are likely not real, useful values, and we exclude them. You can set this to 0 in order to include all values | 15 minutes |
> |web_vitals_allowed_metrics| By default all 4 metrics are captured. You can set this config to restrict which metrics are captured. e.g. ['CLS', 'FCP'] to only capture those two metrics. NB setting this does not override whether the capture is enabled | ['LCP', 'CLS', 'FCP', 'INP' ] |
> |web_vitals_delayed_flush_ms|we delay flushing web vitals metrics to reduce the number of events we send. This is the maximum time we will wait before sending the metrics. | 5000 |

Author: ```suggestion
| attribute | description|
|-|
|`__web_vitals_max_value`<br/>default: 15 minutes| We observe very large values reported by the Chrome web vitals library. These outliers are likely not real, useful values, and we exclude them. You can set this to 0 in order to include all values |
|`web_vitals_allowed_metrics`<br/>default: ['LCP', 'CLS', 'FCP', 'INP' ]| By default all 4 metrics are captured. You can set this config to restrict which metrics are captured. e.g. ['CLS', 'FCP'] to only capture those two metrics. NB setting this does not override whether the capture is enabled |
|`web_vitals_delayed_flush_ms`<br/>default: 5000|we delay flushing web vitals metrics to reduce the number of events we send. This is the maximum time we will wait before sending the metrics. |
```

> |`web_vitals_delayed_flush_ms`<br/>default: 5000|we delay flushing web vitals metrics to reduce the number of events we send. This is the maximum time we will wait before sending the metrics. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`web_vitals_delayed_flush_ms`<br/>default: 5000|We delay flushing web vitals metrics to reduce the number of events we send. This is the maximum time we will wait before sending the metrics. |
```
